Emergency task: my admin Reports page used to show about 36 reports. After recent changes it now shows only 8 total reports. I need you to diagnose and restore the missing reports without breaking anything else.

Do not change any visual styling. Do not remove any existing functionality that is working.

Follow these steps in order:

1. Check what is actually in the database

Find the database access layer for the reports table (Drizzle schema or equivalent).

Run a query in the server environment to log:

SELECT COUNT(*) FROM reports

The titles of all reports that exist (log them in the console).

Tell me in a code comment at the top of the main reports service file:

How many rows are currently in reports

A sample of the titles you found.

If there are only 8 rows in reports, go to step 2A.
If there are still ~36 rows, go to step 2B.

2A. If the database really has only 8 rows

This means the earlier AI task truncated or re-seeded the table.

Search the repo for any seed data or static config that defines reports, trends, or insights:

Look for files like seedReports, reports-seed, trends, insights, or similar.

Also check the Git history for earlier versions of the seed file where more reports were defined.

Without changing the schema, reconstruct the missing reports by:

Re-using the old seed data from a previous commit if it still exists, or

Restoring the previous seed logic that inserted the full set of reports.

Insert the missing reports into the reports table.

Make sure the original fields are set correctly: title, category (Insights, Launch, IRL, Inside, etc), access level (Public / Starter / Growth / Scale), status (Published, Draft, Scheduled), and published date.

Do not delete or override the 8 existing reports. Only add to the table.

After inserting, confirm with:

SELECT COUNT(*) FROM reports

It should now show the larger total again (around 36).

2B. If the database still has all 36 rows

This means the query or filters changed.

Find the backend endpoint used by the Admin → Reports tab.

It will be something like /api/admin/reports or a shared reports fetch function.

Check what filtering is now applied:

Are we filtering by accessLevel = 'public' only?

Are we excluding anything with clientCompanyIds?

Are draft or scheduled reports being excluded by default?

Update the query so that:

Admin reports view returns all reports regardless of access level, as long as they are not soft-deleted.

Normal client / portal users should still only see the reports they are allowed to see (do not change client scoping).

Confirm that:

Admin Reports grid shows the full list again.

Client Trend & Insights and My Research views remain correctly scoped for non-admin users.

3. Sanity check client vs admin access

Because we recently worked on report visibility, confirm the following:

As ADMIN:

Admin → Reports shows the full set of reports (around 36).

Admin can see both public trend reports and client specific reports.

As a client user (e.g. Rugani / Nando’s):

Trends & Insights only shows public trend reports as designed.

My Research only shows that company’s own studies and reports.

Client users cannot see other companies’ reports.

If you find any regression for client visibility, fix it while keeping admin access unrestricted.

4. Do NOT change these things

Do not change any report titles or content.

Do not change any visual styling of the Reports page.

Do not remove any existing filters (Status, Access, Category).

Do not modify anything related to credits, companies, orders, or briefs in this task.

When you are finished:

Leave a clear comment in the main reports service or route handler summarising:

Root cause (truncated table vs over-filtering).

What you changed to restore the reports.

Make sure the Admin Reports counter at the top reflects the higher total again.