You have just implemented persistent storage and email notifications for the Launch New Brief form.

Now extend that work so that:

Any files the client uploads with their brief (pptx, pdf, xlsx, jpg, mp4, etc.) are properly stored server-side

The emails (client confirmation + internal notification) include those files

Preferably as download links

Attach the files directly only if that is already easy and safe with the existing email utility

The Admin > Brief Submissions view clearly shows all uploaded files with download buttons

Do not undo or overwrite the previous changes. Build on top of them.

1. Reuse and upgrade the existing upload field

In the Launch New Brief form there is already a Project / Idea Brief upload section (max file size 3 MB, with allowed types like pdf, docx, xlsx, pptx, videos, etc).

Do the following:

Confirm which component handles this field (for example FileUpload, UploadField, or a simple <input type="file" />)

Make sure the field supports:

All currently allowed types

At least one file, and ideally multiple files

On the front-end, when the user selects files, ensure they are:

Uploaded via the appropriate API or

Included in a FormData POST if that is how uploads are already done in the app

If there is already a global upload utility (used for reports or other documents), reuse that pattern.

2. Server-side storage for brief files

On the backend, extend the brief submission logic so that:

Uploaded files are stored in a consistent storage location, e.g.:

Local folder such as /uploads/briefs or

An existing storage abstraction (S3 bucket, file service, etc.) if the app already uses one

For each stored file, create a small metadata object:

type BriefFile = {
  id: string;
  fileName: string;
  fileSize: number;
  mimeType: string;
  url: string;        // public or signed download URL
  uploadedAt: string; // ISO timestamp
};


Attach an array of these to the BriefSubmission record as files: BriefFile[].

Important:

Do not store raw binary blobs in the brief record. Store only metadata + URL/path.

Enforce reasonable limits:

Max size per file (you can keep the existing 3 MB limit, or whatever is already configured)

Optional: max 5 files per submission

If the upload fails for any file, handle it gracefully:

Keep the brief submission if at least the core data is valid

Log the failed file and return a clear error message to the UI if appropriate

3. Include files in the emails

Update the email sending logic that you just created for Launch New Brief:

3.1. Client confirmation email

In the body of the confirmation email, add a section:

If there are uploaded files:

List each file on its own line:

• {fileName} – {fileSize} KB – [Download]({url})

If your email provider does not support clickable links easily, at least include the full URL so it can be copy-pasted.

Do not block the email if a file is missing a URL. Instead:

Skip that file and log a warning on the server.

3.2. Internal notification email (Richard + Hannah)

Include the same file list:

Files attached:

• {fileName} – {fileSize} KB – {url}

If your existing email utility already supports attachments and the file size is reasonable:

You may attach the files directly to the email in addition to listing the URLs

To keep things safe, apply a simple rule:

Only attach files if each is under 5 MB and total attachments are under 20 MB

If attachments are not straightforward with the current mailer, it is sufficient to include download links.

Do not change the subject lines or recipients from the previous prompt. Just extend the email body to include file information.

4. Surface files in Admin > Brief Submissions

In the Admin > Brief Submissions section you just added:

In the table view:

Add a simple indicator if the brief has files, e.g. a column called Files with:

0, 1, 2, or 3+ as a count

Or a small icon if there is at least one file

In the detail view for a single brief:

Add a “Files” section that lists each file:

File name

File type (derived from mimeType)

File size (human readable, e.g. 2.4 MB)

A Download button or link that opens the file URL in a new tab or triggers a download

Example layout in the detail view:

Files
• Nandos_Test24_Brief.pptx – 1.2 MB – [Download]
• Concept_Visuals.jpg – 640 KB – [Download]

Make sure that only admin users can see these files in the Admin section (same permission logic as the rest of Admin).

5. Keep the public API stable

Ensure the changes do not break the Launch New Brief front-end:

The brief submission endpoint should now:

Accept file uploads

Store files and their metadata

Return the BriefSubmission object including its files array

If the front-end does not immediately need the file metadata, you can ignore it on the client side for now and just rely on the emails + Admin view.

6. Testing checklist

Please test:

Submit a Launch New Brief with:

One file (e.g. PPTX)

Then again with multiple files (e.g. PPTX + JPG + XLSX)

Confirm:

The brief is stored with a files array in the backend

Each file has a valid URL and sensible metadata

Check emails:

Client email includes the “Files” section with correct filenames and download links

Internal email to richard@innovatr.co.za and hannah@innovatr.co.za includes the same list (and attachments, if supported)

In the Admin portal:

Go to Admin > Brief Submissions

Confirm the file count appears in the table

Open the detail view and verify:

All files are listed with names, sizes and download links

Clicking “Download” works as expected

Submit another brief without files and confirm:

Brief still saves correctly

Emails send correctly

Admin view handles files: [] without errors

Do not modify any other upload flows (reports, trends, membership documents). Only extend the Launch New Brief pipeline and the Brief Submissions admin view.